Architecture diagram (#370)
Mirantis/mke-docs: content/docs/concepts/architecture.md

To learn more, refer to [k0s documentation](https://docs.k0sproject.io/stable//).

#### Networking

By default, MKE4k includes Calico CNI, deployed and managed using the Tigera Operator, to provide secure, scalable, and policy-driven networking.

Calico is installed as the Container Network Interface (CNI) plugin, with the following configuration:
- IPv4 only, with a fixed Pod CIDR of `192.168.0.0/16`.
- The datastore mode set to `kdd`.
- `kube-proxy` set to `iptables` mode.
- A `vxlan` backend, which uses the default port of `4789` for traffic and default virtual network ID of `4096`.

Refer to [Container Network Interface](../cni) for the network configuration details

### MKE4k Control Plane: `mke-operator` + `k0rdent`

The MKE4k Control Plane is responsible for orchestrating, managing, and maintaining the lifecycle of MKE4k cluster and services:

* `mke-operator`: A Kubernetes-native operator that automates installation, upgrades, configuration of system and user services 
* `k0rdent`: An open-source component that manages lifecycle for the services configured by `mke-operator`

> ## System and User Services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### System and User Services
```

> These are Kubernetes workloads that run within the cluster—ranging from system-level services (monitoring, logging, ingress) to user-defined applications. 
> Their deployment and lifecycle are managed by the MKE4k control plane (`mke-operator` and `k0rdent`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The system and user services are Kubernetes workloads that run within the cluster, such as monitoring, logging, ingress, and user-defined applications.  Use the MKE 4 control plane to manage the deployment and lifecycle of these workloads.

The system and user services are Kubernetes workloads that run within the MKE 4k cluster. On the system side, these services include monitoring, logging, and ingress, among others. On the user side, the services are typically user-defined applications.  Using the MKE 4 control plane, you can manage the deployment and lifecycle of the various workloads.
```
